feat: Support constraints in pip_compile (#2916)
bazel-contrib/rules_python: CHANGELOG.md

  and activated with custom flags. See the [Registering custom runtimes]
  docs and {obj}`single_version_platform_override()` API docs for more
  information.

> * (rules) Added support for a using constraints files with `pip_parse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (rules) Added support for a using constraints files with `compile_pip_requirements`.
```
